refactor (#327)
KxSystems/docs: docs/kb/loading-from-large-files.md

## Aborting the load

> Aborting the load (e.g. Ctrl-c, `kill -9`, and errors such as [`wsfull`](../basics/errors.md#wsfull)) is generally bad. The loader may have written some but not all of the data to the database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aborting the load, by using commands such as pressing **Ctrl-C**, `kill -9`, and errors such as [`wsfull`](../basics/errors.md#wsfull)) is not recommended. It can result in an incomplete write of data to the database.
```
